---
layout: default
title: FAQs
categories: faq
---

# Frequently Asked Questions

This section provides answers to frequently asked questions about Gmail.

## How to Recover Deleted Emails

1. Navigate to the [Gmail homepage](https://mail.google.com) and sign in.
2. In the left sidebar, click "Trash".
3. Find the email to be recovered and check the box next to it.
4. Click "Move to" on the toolbar at the top of the webpage, just below the search bar, and select where to move the email (usually "Inbox").

## How to Block Spam/Unwanted Emails

1. Open an email from the sender to block.
2. Click the three dots near the top right of the reading pane.
3. Click "Block \[sender\]".

## How to Use Gmail Offline

1. In Gmail, click the gear icon at the top right and select "See all settings".
2. Go to the "Offline" tab.
3. Check "Enable offline mail".
4. Select the desired preference options and click "Save Changes".

## How to Add Another Account to Gmail App

1. Open the Gmail app.
2. Tap the profile picture at the top right.
3. Tap "Add another account".
4. Follow the on-screen instructions to add another account.

## How to Use Confidential Mode in Gmail

1. Click "Compose" to start a new email.
2. On the toolbar at the bottom of the New Message window, click "Toggle Confidential Mode."
3. Set an expiration date and, if desired, click the button labeled "SMS passcode" to require that the recipient authenticate themselves via SMS.
4. Compose an email and click "Send".

## How to Undo Sent Emails

1. After sending an email, a message will appear at the bottom left corner of the gmail webpage saying "Your message has been sent" and an "Undo" option.
2. Click "Undo" to recall the email.  After 30 seconds, the email cannot be unsent.

## How to Schedule Send in Gmail

1. Compose an email.
2. Instead of clicking "Send", click the arrow next to it and select "Schedule Send."
3. Choose a date and time to send the email, then click "Schedule Send."